text-generation support sampling algo (#229)
huggingface/optimum-habana: examples/text-generation/README.md

--batch_size batch_size \
--n_iterations number_of_iterations \
--use_hpu_graphs \
--use_kv_cache \

> --do_sample enable_sampling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--do_sample
```
This should be enough.

- `number_of_iterations` the number of iterations to perform in the benchmark
- `use_hpu_graphs` enables HPU graphs which are recommended for faster latencies
- `use_kv_cache` enables a key-value cache to speed up the generation process.

> - `enable_sampling` enables sampling algorithm for the generation process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `do_sample` enables sampling algorithm for the generation process.
```
The name of the argument is `do_sample`.

Author: done
